[website] Update cli-tools document (#11980)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/performance-pulsar-perf.md

| Option | Description | Default value|
|----|----|----|

> | access-mode | Set the producer access mode, valid values: [Shared, Exclusive, WaitForExclusive]. | Shared |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| access-mode | Set the producer access mode. Valid values are `Shared`, `Exclusive`, and `WaitForExclusive`]. | Shared |
```

> | admin-url | Set the pulsar admin url. | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| admin-url | Set the Pulsar admin URL. | N/A |
```

| chunking | Configure whether to split the message and publish in chunks if message size is larger than allowed max size. | false |
| compression | Compress the message payload. | N/A |
| conf-file | Set the configuration file. | N/A |
| delay | Mark messages with a given delay. | 0s |
| encryption-key-name | Set the name of the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| encryption-key-value-file | Set the file which contains the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| exit-on-failure | Configure whether to exit from the process on publish failure. | false |
| format-class | Set the custom formatter class name. | org.apache.pulsar.testclient.DefaultMessageFormatter |
| format-payload | Configure whether to format %i as a message index in the stream from producer and/or %t as the timestamp nanoseconds. | false |
| help | Configure the help message. | false |
| max-connections | Set the maximum number of TCP connections to a single broker. | 100 |
| max-outstanding | Set the maximum number of outstanding messages. | 1000 |
| max-outstanding-across-partitions | Set the maximum number of outstanding messages across partitions. | 50000 |

> | message-key-generation-mode | Set the generation mode of message key, valid options: [autoIncrement, random]. | N/A |

Reviewer: same comment

| num-producers | Set the number of producers for each topic. | 1 |
| num-test-threads |  Set the number of test threads. | 1 |
| num-topic | Set the number of topics. | 1 |
| partitions | Configure whether to create partitioned topics with the given number of partitions. | N/A |
| payload-delimiter | Set the delimiter used to split lines when using payload from a file. | \n |
| payload-file | Use the payload from an UTF-8 encoded text file and a payload is randomly selected when messages are published. | N/A |
| producer-name | Set the producer name. | N/A |
| rate | Set the publish rate of messages across topics. | 100 |
| send-timeout | Set the sendTimeout. | 0 |
| separator | Set the separator between the topic and topic number. | - |
| service-url | Set the Pulsar service URL. | |
| size | Set the message size. | 1024 bytes |
| stats-interval-seconds | Set the statistics interval. If it is set to 0, statistics is disabled. | 0 |
| test-duration | Set the test duration. If it is set to 0, it keeps publishing tests. | 0s |
| trust-cert-file | Set the path for the trusted TLS certificate file. | <empty string> |
| warmup-time | Set the warm-up time. | 1s |

> | tls-allow-insecure | Set the allow insecure TLS connection. | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tls-allow-insecure | Set the allowed insecure TLS connection. | N/A |
```

| acks-delay-millis | Set the acknowledgment grouping delay in milliseconds. | 100 ms |
| auth-params | Set the authentication parameters, whose format is determined by the implementation of the `configure` method in the authentication plugin class, such as "key1:val1,key2:val2" or "{"key1":"val1","key2":"val2"}". | N/A |
| auth_plugin | Set the authentication plugin class name. | N/A |

> | auto_ack_chunk_q_full | Configure whether to auto ack for oldest message on queue is full. | false |

Reviewer: Sorry, this is a grammar mistake in this sentence, can you rewrite it?

Author: Okay

| listener-name | Set the listener name for the broker. | N/A |

> | acks-delay-millis | Set the acknowledgements grouping delay in millis. | 100 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| acks-delay-millis | Set the acknowledgments grouping delay (in milliseconds). | 100 |
```
Do you mean this

| batch-index-ack | Enable or disable the batch index acknowledgment. | false |
| busy-wait | Enable or disable Busy-Wait on the Pulsar client. | false |
| conf-file | Set the configuration file. | N/A |
| encryption-key-name | Set the name of the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| encryption-key-value-file | Set the file which contains the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| help | Configure the help message. | false |

> | expire_time_incomplete_chunked_messages | Set the expire time in ms for incomplete chunk messages. | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expire_time_incomplete_chunked_messages | Set the expiration time for incomplete chunk messages (in milliseconds). | 0 |
```
Do you mean this?

| max_chunked_msg | Set the max pending chunk messages. | 0 |
| num-consumers | Set the number of consumers for each topic. | 1 |
| num-io-threads |Set the number of threads to be used for handling connections to brokers. | 1 |
| num-subscriptions | Set the number of subscriptions (per topic). | 1 |
| num-topic | Set the number of topics. | 1 |
| pool-messages | Configure whether to use the pooled message. | true |
| rate | Simulate a slow message consumer (rate in msg/s). | 0.0 |
| receiver-queue-size | Set the size of the receiver queue. | 1000 |
| receiver-queue-size-across-partitions | Set the max total size of the receiver queue across partitions. | 50000 |
| replicated | Configure whether the subscription status should be replicated. | false |
| service-url | Set the Pulsar service URL. | |
| stats-interval-seconds | Set the statistics interval. If it is set to 0, statistics is disabled. | 0 |
| subscriber-name | Set the subscriber name prefix. | sub |
| subscription-type | Set the subscription type. <li> Exclusive <li> Shared <li> Failover <li> Key_Shared | Exclusive |
| trust-cert-file | Set the path for the trusted TLS certificate file. | <empty string> |

> | test-duration | Set the test duration in secs. If <= 0 it will keep consuming. | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| test-duration | Set the test duration (in seconds). If the value is 0 or smaller than 0, it keeps consuming messages. | 0 |
```
Do you mean this?

| acks-delay-millis | Set the acknowledgment grouping delay in milliseconds. | 100 ms |
| auth-params | Set the authentication parameters, whose format is determined by the implementation of the `configure` method in the authentication plugin class, such as "key1:val1,key2:val2" or "{"key1":"val1","key2":"val2"}". | N/A |
| auth_plugin | Set the authentication plugin class name. | N/A |

> | auto_ack_chunk_q_full | Configure whether to automatically ack for the oldest message in receiver queue if the queue is full. | false |

Reviewer: underline (_) or hyphen (-)?

Reviewer: Please check all occurencies.

Author: @Anonymitaet Both `expire_time_incomplete_chunked_messages` and `auto_ack_chunk_q_full` use underline, they come from here
https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/f342c5d893527b5daec59cbc67abd3dbfdb02020/pulsar-testclient/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/testclient/PerformanceConsumer.java#L145-L151

Reviewer: OK

| listener-name | Set the listener name for the broker. | N/A |
| batch-index-ack | Enable or disable the batch index acknowledgment. | false |
| busy-wait | Enable or disable Busy-Wait on the Pulsar client. | false |
| conf-file | Set the configuration file. | N/A |
| encryption-key-name | Set the name of the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| encryption-key-value-file | Set the file which contains the public key used to encrypt the payload. | N/A |
| help | Configure the help message. | false |

> | expire_time_incomplete_chunked_messages | Set the expiration time for incomplete chunk messages (in milliseconds). | 0 |

Reviewer: underline (_) or hyphen (-)?
